What was the code name given to Sonic the Hedgehog 4 during its development?  Project Needlemouse  Project Bluespike  Project Roboegg  Project Darksphere
Which one of these was not a beach landing site in the Invasion of Normandy?  Silver  Gold  Juno  Sword
Which of the following liquids is least viscous? Assume temperature is 25°C.  Acetone  Water  Mercury  Benzene
Spain was formed in 1469 with the marriage of Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of what other Iberian kingdom?  Aragon  Galicia  León  Navarre
The 'Islets of Langerhans' is found in which human organ?  Pancreas  Kidney  Liver  Brain
What common name is given to the medial condition, tibial stress syndrome (MTSS)?  Shin Splints  Tennis Elbow  Carpal Tunnel  Housemaid's Knee
All program codes have to be compiled into an executable file in order to be run. This file can then be executed on any machine.  False  True
How many degrees Fahrenheit is 100 degrees Celsius?   212  326  100  451
The land of Gotland is located in which European country?  Sweden  Denmark  Norway  Germany
Which of these is NOT the name of an album released by American rapper Viper?  The Life of Pablo  Kill Urself My Man  You'll Cowards Don't Even Smoke Crack  Yo Wife Handcuffin' Me
What alcoholic drink is mainly made from juniper berries?  Gin  Vodka  Rum  Tequila
In "Overwatch," what is the hero McCree's full name?  Jesse McCree  Jack "McCree" Morrison  Gabriel Reyes  Jamison "Deadeye" Fawkes
United States President John F. Kennedy was assassinated during his presidential motorcade in Atlanta, Georgia on November 22nd, 1963.  False  True
Which one of these Pink Floyd albums were also a movie?  The Wall  The Dark Side of the Moon  Wish You Were Here  Animals
The average lifespan of a wildcat is only around 5-6 years.   False  True
The alternative rock band, They Might Be Giants, released their album 'Flood' in 1990.   True  False
In Chemistry, how many isomers does Butanol (C4H9OH) have?  4  3  5  6
The key of sharps does the key of G# minor contain?  5  3  7  0
When was Nintendo founded?  September 23rd, 1889  October 19th, 1891  March 4th, 1887  December 27th, 1894
The French word for "glass" is "glace".  False  True
This album, now considered to be one of the greatest of all time, was a commercial failure when it was released.  The Velvet Underground and Nico  Abbey Road  Led Zeppelin IV  Pet Sounds
When did Norway get its constitution?  1814  1932  1905  1854
What is the Polish city known to Germans as Danzig?  Gdańsk  Warsaw  Zakopane  Poznań
What does Solid Snake use to hide himself with?  Cardboard Box  Cloaking Device  Metal Crate  Cardboard cut-out
How long was Ken Jennings' win streak on Jeopardy?  74  88  49  62
What was the name of the protagonist of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain?  Punished "Venom" Snake  Miller  Solid Snake  Ocelot
What is the second-largest city in Lithuania?  Kaunas  Panevėžys  Vilnius  Klaipėda
What does LASER stand for?  Light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation  Lite analysing by stereo ecorazer  Light amplifier by standby energy of radio  Life antimatter by standing entry of range
Which of these is not a key value of Agile software development?  Comprehensive documentation  Individuals and interactions  Customer collaboration  Responding to change
Which of following is rude and dishonorable by Klingon standards?  Taking his D'k tahg  Insulting and laughing at him at the dinner table  Reaching over and taking his meal  Punching him and taking his ship station position
Where does water from Poland Spring water bottles come from?  Maine, United States  Hesse, Germany  Masovia, Poland  Bavaria, Poland
In the "Archie" comics, who was Jughead's first girlfriend?  Joani  Ethel  Debbi  Margret
These two countries held a commonwealth from the 16th to 18th century.  Poland and Lithuania  Hutu and Rwanda  North Korea and South Korea  Bangladesh and Bhutan
In "PAYDAY 2", what weapon has the highest base weapon damage on a per-shot basis?  HRL-7  Heavy Crossbow  Thanatos .50 cal  Broomstick Pistol
Billy Herrington is from which US state?  New York  Arizona  California  Georgia
Which Japanese music group was formed to produce theme music for the anime "Guilty Crown"?  Egoist  Goose house  Babymetal  Garnidelia
In programming, what do you call functions with the same name but different implementations?  Overloading  Overriding  Abstracting  Inheriting
Which English county will you find the University of East Anglia?  Norfolk  Suffolk  Essex  Cambridgeshire
An organism described as "heliotropic" has a tendancy to move towards which of these things?  Light  Water  Trees  Pollen
What is the star sign of someone born on Valentines day?  Aquarius  Pisces  Capricorn  Scorpio
Which song previously recorded by Elvis Presley was covered by UB40 with a reggae beat?  Can't Help Falling in Love  Jailhouse Rock  In the Ghetto  Wooden Heart
What is the name of a rabbit's abode?  Burrow  Nest  Den  Dray
In "ALF", what was ALF's real name?  Gordon Shumway  Gordon Milipp  Gordon Foster  Gordon von Gam
Who was the first man to travel into outer space twice?  Gus Grissom  Vladimir Komarov  Charles Conrad  Yuri Gagarin
Which member of the Velvet Room is not a playable character in Persona 4 Arena Ultimax?  Theodore  Elizabeth  Margaret  Marie
Originally, the character Charlie from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was going to be black.  True  False
How many bits make up the significand portion of a single precision floating point number?  23  8  53  15
In the movie "Back to the Future," what speed does Doc Brown's DeLorean need to reach in order to travel through time?  88 mph  77 mph  100 mph  70 mph
The original ending of "Little Shop Of Horrors" has the plants taking over the world.  True  False
In the complex plane, multiplying a given function by i rotates it anti-clockwise by how many degrees?  90  180  270  0
What year did the television company BBC officially launch the channel BBC One?  1936  1948  1932  1955
Who starred as Bruce Wayne and Batman in Tim Burton's 1989 movie "Batman"?  Michael Keaton  George Clooney  Val Kilmer  Adam West
The Hippogriff, not to be confused with the Griffon, is a magical creature with the front half of an eagle, and the back half of what?  A Horse  A Dragon  A Tiger  A Lion
Gumbo is a stew that originated in Louisiana.  True  False
Who was the first explorer to sail to North America?  Leif Erikson  Christopher Columbus  Amerigo Vespucci  Ferdinand Magellan
What is the name of the capital of Turkey?  Ankara  Istanbul  Izmir  Bursa
When did the last episode of "Futurama" air?  September 4, 2013  December 25, 2010  March 28, 1999  On Going
Studio Ghibli is a Japanese animation studio responsible for the films "Wolf Children" and "The Boy and the Beast".  False  True
What year did radio icon Howard Stern start a job at radio station WNBC?  1982  1985  1984  1995
Which of these is NOT a part of the structure of a typical neuron?  Islets of Langerhans  Node of Ranvier  Schwann cell  Myelin sheath
When was the SS or Schutzstaffel established?  April 4th, 1925  September 1st, 1941  March 8th, 1935  February 21st, 1926
The average woman is 5 inches / 13 centimeters shorter than the average man.  True  False
What was George Bizet's last opera?  Carmen  Don Rodrigue  Grisélidis  Les pêcheurs de perles
Which movie of film director Stanley Kubrick is known to be an adaptation of a Stephen King novel?  The Shining  2001: A Space Odyssey   Dr. Strangelove   Eyes Wide Shut
The novel "Jane Eyre" was written by what author?   Charlotte Brontë  Emily Brontë  Jane Austen  Louisa May Alcott
Guy's Grocery Games is hosted by which presenter?  Guy Fieri  Guy Martin  Guy Ritchie  Ainsley Harriott
In the Half-Life series, Gordon Freeman's signature weapon is a:  Crowbar  Sledgehammer  Fiber Wire  Katana
What is the name of the 2016 studio album by the French electronic music duo Justice?  Woman  Randy  Safe and Sound  Pleasure
The Sonoran Desert is located in eastern Africa.  False  True
Who in Pulp Fiction says "No, they got the metric system there, they wouldn't know what the fuck a Quarter Pounder is."  Vincent Vega  Jules Winnfield  Jimmie Dimmick  Butch Coolidge
In standard Monopoly, what's the rent if you land on Park Place with no houses?  $35  $30  $50  $45
What is the name of the final villain in the manga series "Bleach"?  Yhwach  Juha Bach  Yuhabah  Juhabach
This weapon in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive does not exist in real life.  M4A4  AWP  M4A1  MP9
What was the best selling album of 2015?  Adele, 25  Fetty Wap, Fetty Wap  Taylor Swift, 1989  Justin Bieber, Purpose
What was Mountain Dew's original slogan?  Yahoo! Mountain Dew... It'll tickle your innards!  Give Me A Dew  Do The Dew  Get' that barefoot feelin' drinkin' Mountain Dew
What is the name of Nissan's most popular electric car?  Leaf  Tree  Deer  Roots
Which of the following originated as a manga?  Akira  Cowboy Bebop  High School DxD  Gurren Lagann
In "Star Trek", Klingons are aliens.  True  False
What year was Min Yoongi from South Korea boy band "BTS" born in?  1993  1992  1995  1994
According to the lore of "Starbound", what does the "Colony Deed" do when it is placed down?  Sends out an advertisement for someone to move in.  Teleports somebody from somewhere on the planet it is placed.  Teleports a random person to the location.  Materializes a new being at it's location.
"Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater" was released in 2004.  True  False
In the "Jurassic Park" universe, what was the first dinosaur cloned by InGen in 1986?  Velociraptor  Triceratops  Troodon  Brachiosaurus
What was the original name of the search engine "Google"?  BackRub  CatMassage  SearchPro  Netscape Navigator
Approximately how many Apple I personal computers were created?  200  100  500  1000
Who succeeded Joseph Stalin as General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?  Nikita Khrushchev  Leonid Brezhnev  Mikhail Gorbachev  Boris Yeltsin
Lanky, Funky, and Chunky are all characters featured in which series owned by Nintendo?  Donkey Kong  Mario  Kirby  Zelda
What year did Skoal, a smokeless Tobacco company, release their first line of Pouches, known as "Skoal Bandits"?  1983  1934  1984  1822
Which studio animated Soul Eater?  Bones  Kyoto Animation  xebec  Production I.G
Which Shakespeare play features the stage direction "Enter a messenger, with two heads and a hand"?  Titus Andronicus  Othello  Macbeth  King Lear
Ed Koch, the Mayor of New York in 1984, played himself in which Muppets movie?  The Muppets Take Manhattan  The Great Muppet Caper  The Muppet Christmas Carol  The Muppet Movie
When someone is inexperienced they are said to be what color?  Green  Red  Blue  Yellow
What was the name of the teenage witch played by Melisa Joan Hart who lives with her witch aunts Hilda and Zelda?  Sabrina  Hermione  Dorothy  Dahlia
Which of these Nickelodeon game shows aired first?  Double Dare  Nick Arcade  Finders Keepers  Nickelodeon Guts
Doki Doki Literature Club was developed in Japan.  False  True
Who sings the rap song "Secret Wars Part 1"?  The Last Emperor  MC Frontalot  Busdriver  Masta Killa
What is the AK-47's name in Counter Strike: Source?  CV-47  AK-74  AK  CZ-75
Who is the creator of the soft drink, Dr. Pepper?  Charles Alderton  James Wellington  Johnson Hinsin  Boris Heviltik
In physics, conservation of energy and conservation of momentum are both consequences of which of the following?  Noether's Theorem  Bell's Theorem  Wick's Theorem  Carnot's Theorem
What airline was the owner of the plane that crashed off the coast of Nova Scotia in 1998?  Swiss Air  Air France  British Airways  TWA
Who is the founder of Palantir?  Peter Thiel  Mark Zuckerberg  Marc Benioff  Jack Dorsey
Who played Stan's dog in the South Park episode "Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride"?  George Clooney  Jay Leno  Matt Stone  Robert Smith
In the video-game franchise Kingdom Hearts, the main protagonist, carries a weapon with what shape?  Key  Sword  Pen  Cellphone
Which king was killed at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485?   Richard III  Edward V  Henry VII  James I
What does the "MP" stand for in MP3?  Moving Picture  Music Player  Multi Pass  Micro Point
Soulja Boy's 'Crank That' won a Grammy for Best Rap Song in 2007.  False  True
What is the first element on the periodic table?  Hydrogen  Helium  Oxygen  Lithium
In which 1955 film does Frank Sinatra play Nathan Detroit?  Guys and Dolls  Anchors Aweigh  From Here to Eternity  High Society
With which doubles partner did John McEnroe have most success?  Peter Fleming  Mark Woodforde  Michael Stich  Mary Carillo
This movie contains the quote, "What we've got here is a failure to communicate."  Cool Hand Luke  Bonnie and Clyde  The Graduate  In the Heat of the Night
Which of these levels does NOT appear in the console/PC versions of the game "Sonic Generations"?  Mushroom Hill  City Escape  Planet Wisp  Sky Sanctuary
The largest consumer market in 2015 was...  The United States of America  Germany  Japan  United Kingdom
Albrecht Dürer's birthplace and place of death were in...  Nürnberg  Augsburg  Bamberg  Berlin
Excluding their instructor, how many members of Class VII are there in the game "Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel"?  9  6  10  3
What is the British term for a 64th note?  Hemidemisemiquaver  Semihemidemisemiquaver  Semiquaver  Demisemiquaver
What is the capital of the State of Washington, United States?  Olympia  Washington D.C.  Seattle  Yukon
What alcoholic drink is mainly made from juniper berries?  Gin  Vodka  Rum  Tequila
Who played Baron Victor Frankestein in the 1957 Hammer horror film "The Curse of Frankenstein"?  Peter Cushing  Boris Karloff  Vincent Price  Lon Chaney Jr.
Which one is NOT the function of engine oil in car engines?  Combustion  Lubrication  Cooling  Reduce corrosion
In the Homestuck Series, what is the alternate name for the Kingdom of Lights?  Prospit  No Name  Golden City  Yellow Moon
At what temperature does water boil?  212°F  200°F  181°F  178°F
In the "Toaru Kagaku no Railgun" anime,  espers can only reach a maximum of level 6 in their abilities.  False  True
In the Halo series, what fleet was Thel 'Vadam supreme commander of before being branded an Arbiter?  Fleet of Particular Justice  Fleet of Sacred Consecration  Fleet of Furious Redemption  Fleet of Righteous Vigilance
The name of the attack "Kamehameha" in Dragon Ball Z was named after a famous king of Hawaii.  True  False
In what year was the first "Mass Effect" game released?  2007  2008  2009  2010
The Windows ME operating system was released in the year 2000.  True  False
Which class of animals are newts members of?  Amphibian  Fish  Reptiles  Mammals
What is the capital of British Columbia, Canada?  Victoria  Vancouver  Hope  Kelowna
How many stars are featured on New Zealand's flag?  4  5  2  0
In Formula 1, the Virtual Safety Car was introduced following the fatal crash of which driver?  Jules Bianchi  Ayrton Senna  Ronald Ratzenberger  Gilles Villeneuve
"The Singing Cowboy" Gene Autry is credited with the first recording for all but which classic Christmas jingle?  White Christmas  Frosty the Snowman  Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer  Here Comes Santa Claus
In the game "Brawlhalla", what species is the character Bödvar is?  Half Human / Half Bear  A Human  Half Wolf / Half Bear  Half Tiger /  Half Human
What is the unit of electrical capacitance?  Farad  Gauss  Henry  Watt
In "Call Of Duty: Zombies", "Richtofen" is in possession of two filled blood vials belonging to who?  Sal DeLuca and Finn O'Leary  Richtofen  Al Arlington and Sal DeLuca  Jessica Rose and Jack Vincent
In Psychology, which need appears highest in the "Maslow's hierarchy of needs" pyramid?  Esteem  Love  Safety  Physiological
The dish Fugu, is made from what family of fish?  Pufferfish  Bass  Salmon  Mackerel
In "Little Women", which of the March sisters married Laurie?  Amy  Beth  Jo  Meg
Who created the "Metal Gear" Series?  Hideo Kojima  Hiroshi Yamauchi  Shigeru Miyamoto  Gunpei Yokoi
Who succeeded Joseph Stalin as General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?  Nikita Khrushchev  Leonid Brezhnev  Mikhail Gorbachev  Boris Yeltsin
The Dice Tower network of board game podcasts and videos is run by which individual?  Tom Vasel  Jason LeVine  Borth Sampson  Uncle Pennybags
What is Lilo's last name from Lilo and Stitch?  Pelekai  Anoaʻi  Kealoha  Kuʻulei
Which pop singer was brought in by SEGA to produce the music for "Sonic the Hedgehog 3"?  Michael Jackson   Prince  George Michael  Vanilla Ice 
Which one of these is NOT an official map in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive?  de_season  de_sugarcane  de_canals  de_militia
Terry Gilliam was an animator that worked with which British comedy group?  Monty Python  The Goodies‎  The League of Gentlemen‎  The Penny Dreadfuls
What car manufacturer gave away their patent for the seat-belt in the interest of saving lives?  Volvo  Ferrari  Ford  Renault
Autosomal-dominant Compelling Helio-Ophthalmic Outburst syndrome is the need to do what when seeing the Sun?  Sneeze  Cough  Yawn  Hiccup
When was the FC Schalke 04 founded?  1904  1909  2008  1999
Which of these numbers is closest to the total number of possible states for an army standard Enigma Machine?  1.58 x 10^20  1.58 x 10^22  1.58 x  10^18  1.58 x 10^24
Which two teams played in Super Bowl XLII?  The New York Giants & The New England Patriots  The Green Bay Packers & The Pittsburgh Steelers  The Philadelphia Eagles & The New England Patriots  The Seattle Seahawks & The Denver Broncos
What does the United States of America celebrate during the 4th of July?  The signing of the Declaration of Independence  The anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg  The crossing of the Delaware River  The ratification of the Constitution
In the video game franchise "Halo", what is the UNSC's main opposing faction called?  The Covenant  The Reckoning  The Peoples  The Slaughterers
Talos, the mythical giant bronze man, was the protector of which island?  Crete  Sardinia  Sicily  Cyprus
King Henry VIII was the second monarch of which European royal house?  Tudor  York  Stuart  Lancaster
What is the title of The Allman Brothers Band instrumental used as the theme to the BBC motoring show, 'Top Gear'?  Jessica  Angela  Erica  Sandra
What is the name of Team Fortress 2's Heavy Weapons Guy's minigun?  Sasha  Betty  Anna  Diana
How many soccer players should be on the field at the same time?  22  20  24  26
The most graphically violent game to precede the creation of the ESRB (Entertainment Software Rating Board) was...  Mortal Kombat  Duke Nukem  Resident Evil  Doom
The Mann Co. Store from Team Fortress 2 has the slogan "We hire mercenaries and get in fights".  False  True
The Internet Meme "All your base are belong to us" is based on the poorly translated English Version of which Video Game?  Zero Wing  F-Zero  Wing Commander  Star Wars: X-Wing
A stimpmeter measures the speed of a ball over what surface?  Golf Putting Green   Football Pitch  Cricket Outfield  Pinball Table
This movie contains the quote, "What we've got here is a failure to communicate."  Cool Hand Luke  Bonnie and Clyde  The Graduate  In the Heat of the Night
Which member of the English band "The xx" released their solo album "In Colour" in 2015?  Jamie xx  Romy Madley Croft  Oliver Sim  Baria Qureshi
The Herero genocide was perpetrated in Africa by which of the following colonial nations?  Germany  Britain  Belgium  France
The "Berenstein Bears" is the correct spelling of the educational children's book series' name.  False  True
Which of these musicals won the Tony Award for Best Musical?  Rent  The Color Purple  American Idiot  Newsies
The 2014 movie "The Raid 2: Berandal" was mainly filmed in which Asian country?  Indonesia  Thailand  Brunei  Malaysia
Who won the 1989 Drum Corps International championships?  Santa Clara Vanguard  Blue Devils  The Academy  The Bluecoats
In what year were achivements added to Steam?  2007  2008  2009  2006
In the TV series Red Dwarf, Kryten's full name is Kryten 2X4B-523P.  True  False
In the Star Trek universe, what color is Vulcan blood?  Green  Blue  Red  Purple
Which of the following is the standard THX subwoofer crossover frequency?  80 Hz  70 Hz  90 Hz  100 Hz
In Greek Mythology, who killed Achilles?  Paris  Hector  Helen  Pericles
How many flagship monsters appear in Monster Hunter Gernerations?  4  1  2  3
In programming, the ternary operator is mostly defined with what symbol(s)?  ?:  ??  if then  ?
In the game "Subnautica", a "Cave Crawler" will attack you.  True  False
What was the name of the the first episode of Doctor Who to air in 1963?  An Unearthly Child  The Daleks  The Aztecs  The Edge of Destruction
Which American-owned brewery led the country in sales by volume in 2015?  D. G. Yuengling and Son, Inc  Anheuser Busch  Boston Beer Company  Miller Coors
In what year was Garry's Mod released as a standalone title on Valve's Steam distribution service?  2006  2007  2004  2003
Who recorded the album called "Down to the Moon" in 1986?  Andreas Vollenweider  Jean-Michel Jarre  Bing Crosby  Enya
Who voices the infamous Citadel Station A.I known as S.H.O.D.A.N, in the System Shock games?  Terri Brosius   Jennifer Hale  Jenn Taylor  Lori Alan
When did Norway get its constitution?  1814  1932  1905  1854
The towns of Brugelette, Arlon and Ath are located in which country?  Belgium  Andorra  France  Luxembourg
What year was Red Hot Chill Pepper's album "Californication" released?  1999  1997  2000  1992
"Lift Your Spirit" is an album by which artist?  Aloe Blacc  Lena Meyer-Landrut  Stevie Wonder  Taylor Swift
Adolf Hitler was accepted into the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts.  False  True
What is the name of the common, gun-toting enemies of the "Oddworld" video game series?  Sligs  Scrabs  Slogs  Glukkons
"Santa Claus" is a variety of melon.  True  False
Which character in the "Animal Crossing" series uses the phrase "zip zoom" when talking to the player?  Scoot  Drake  Bill  Mallary
Which animation studio animated "Psycho Pass"?  Production I.G  Kyoto Animation  Shaft  Trigger
Which car manufacturer won the 2017 24 Hours of Le Mans?  Porsche  Toyota  Audi  Chevrolet
What is the name of the only remaining Grand Duchy in the world ?  Luxembourg  Montenegro  Liechtenstein  Andorra
How many teeth does an adult rabbit have?  28  30  26  24
Who is often called "the Maestro" in the men's tennis circuit?  Roger Federer  Bill Tilden  Boris Becker  Pete Sampras
Which of the following games has the most playable characters?  Timesplitters: Future Perfect  Mortal Kombat: Armageddon  Marvel Vs. Capcom 2  Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3
How many premier league trophies did Sir Alex Ferguson win during his time at Manchester United?  13  11  20  22
Which occupation did John Tanner, the main protagonist for Driver and Driver 2, had before turning into an undercover cop?  Racing Driver  Taxi Driver  Delivery Driver  Getaway Driver
Who is the main heroine of the anime, Full Metal Panic!  Kaname Chidori  Teletha Testarossa  Melissa Mao  Kyoko Tokiwa
What was Raekwon the Chefs debut solo album?  Only Built 4 Cuban Linx  Shaolin vs Wu-Tang  The Wild  The Lex Diamond Story
Which of these American cities has fewer than 1,000,000 people?  San Francisco, California  Phoenix, Arizona  San Antonio, Texas  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Better known by his nickname Logan, what is Wolverine's birth name?  James Howlett  Logan Wolf  Thomas Wilde  John Savage
What's the race of Invincible's father?  Viltrumite  Kryptonian  Kree  Irken
